1- learn to how to study ?
When I meet with some problem, the first thing I do is to ask someone for help.
And I dont know the way of solving problems.
But now , I clearly know that I have mastered the way of solving problem.
With the deep learning, I master the basic knowledge of programming.
And I can find where the problem occurs.
I think it is important for me to lear how to learn and how to improve my efficiency to solve problem.

2-Make a plan about reading
In my leisure time, if I am free, I am would like to read books and consult some documents to study.
In my opinion, study helps me become more confident.
So I like reading and studying.
My reading plan this year is to read some books which are relevant to programming method and webpage perfomance.

3- I really want to build up my body.
I want to do some exercise to build up my body.

4- practice my interview.
Actually, the ability of interview is very important.
Say what , and how to say both are very important.

5-create a blog
I would like to share with other people about what i learn .
It not only makes me feel more confident , but also makes me improve my skill.

6-I am looing for a director who can give me some guidance.

7-Keep learning.
I would like to write some demo to learn some new technology.
It will make me to keep pace with the technology.

8-get up early.
I want to get up early .
the saying goes that the early bird catches the worm.

9-cherrish my time 
I dont want to waste my time .
I really really want to improve my skill and make me become a better man.
If I waste my time , I will feel very regretful.

10
I seldom watch TV now.
If I watch TV, that show must be very interesting.

11
I have a lot of things to do, so I write down a list of todolist to achive my ambition.

12
Learn some new technology, and it will make me keep pace with the technology.

13 Am I familiar with the operation of command line ?
   Am I familiar with the operation of IDE to improve the efficiency of programming.
14 how to perfect my resume.
15 I really want to be a better man who take responsibility for my job ,my work and my life.
